tra-pssi-kzv - traps
rwh-ater-atr - hater
zex-scar-fjq - scarf
duc-hydd-npb - duchy
gha-wksd-kpf - hawks
duc-tspk-myy - ducts
twh-ackj-cnq - whack
pou-nddq-krw - pound
rmh-twun-cut - uncut
wxb-juni-tyv - unity
yai-snoe-kdz - snoek
rwm-fort-yfw - forty
rin-kgto-ddy - toddy
rri-yvpr-eps - preps
maq-asid-ejm - aside
vex-uown-edi - owned
cab-vdsw-ede - swede
djw-aves-rtf - waves
jum-psyz-pns - jumps
ydr-iedd-shs - dried
yqh-prop-sny - props
xcg-zdea-ryj - deary
cpy-xjgo-ngs - gongs
jrw-axes-saj - waxes
ays-tint-hfy - stint
jev-adeu-sxj - evade
hps-goth-szc - goths
wts-qcre-edo - creed
ezf-oamy-oan - foamy
rrc-four-sqa - fours
evi-enee-dyb - needy
ygi-cani-ngu - caning
jmm-idas-yqv - midas
fco-vetg-jby - covet
ura-nksc-ent - ranks
ura-nksc-ent - scent
zkp-opes-pjp - popes
htp-scre-eei - scree
vrp-mdan-dyx - dandy
aou-cwav-ero - waver
cwi-denp-yzm - widen
snk-pump-szd - pumps
jno-hewo-oed - wooed
ouv-qxda-ffy - daffy
rqz-kbos-uno - bosun
yve-rona-ups - verona
cra-ftyu-eqg - craft
cra-ftyu-eqg - crafty
uyt-zifu-mes - fumes
urs-inef-nsc - ursine
qxf-squi-beo - squib
fra-udqb-jop - fraud
uzj-envo-ydm - envoy
xwk-bwav-edh - waved
quq-vref-itu - refit
nsc-rewr-usf - screw
pds-ensu-enb - ensue
ser-umpd-htj - serum
hhm-mapr-int - print
wed-getw-zuf - wedge
zht-gpro-uds - proud
nvs-orry-xcc - sorry
xhe-ncex-vcm - hence
cre-oxde-ity - deity
hns-goca-ndy - candy
cri-bsrm-btx - cribs
rwf-tres-itk - resit
xyo-jwkn-own - known
fis-toop-dri - stoop
yis-ysun-nym - sunny
heh-mpai-nsb - pains
vdg-rain-qha - grain
fzc-taxe-dpx - taxed
bfj-mope-snt - mopes
wva-cuaq-ncb - vacua
rpo-etsx-yyp - poets
byd-ingy-hjr - dingy
wed-waxe-dxt - waxed
jgr-oans-api - groan
jgr-oans-api - groans
yxt-soak-skx - soaks
dfm-uggy-bnv - muggy
gho-stzr-boe - ghost
bro-omuu-hej - broom
wwr-wvsp-are - spare
ppe-kany-epj - pekan
his-wore-qpv - swore
duc-ybor-gja - cyborg
tcr-ebee-fyz - beefy
nap-pyun-gxw - nappy
jth-jmsq-uid - squid
ggs-stud-svv - studs
fiv-esca-yog - fives
qms-crum-uci - scrum
xww-jbri-sko - brisk
shz-mist-edt - misted
sou-rsvt-rug - sours
ujg-swor-ecy - swore
xyi-huma-nqg - human
emb-eamy-vbf - beamy
iah-ksgr-uff - gruff
xeq-bgoo-dsy - goods
him-cade-ptz - adept
tab-byqs-jtx - tabby
ggh-rine-pta - inept
rbx-pngi-bed - gibed
swf-aint-bzg - faint
qjo-rave-nrt - raven
sho-psmy-mfd - shops
mpo-prop-edt - roped
hrs-pews-dpe - spews
bnf-orty-fkb - forty
bnf-orty-fkb - forty
geb-owhu-sks - husks
nur-setp-nks - nurse
nam-uckt-xug - amuck
xyt-ypes-yya - types
abu-seyo-dck - abuse
